hey guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to the most inspiring city in
the world London
[Music]
back to San Francisco - mate
today we're gonna talk about learning
English on your own sitting at home in
your own country when nobody speaks
English I'm gonna give you some tips
because I've gone through the same
process if you're interested police
continue watching this video I'm walking
around London right now I'm in Fitzroy
via and so many memories come to my mind
because I first came here when I was 14
years old my English was super bad
people did not understand me and
everybody thought I was a weird person
because I spoke with a really weird
accent and this was the trip that
changed my perspective on studying
because when I came back home after two
weeks in the UK I realised that I want
to change everything I want to change my
English language learning routine I want
to change the methods that I used and I
want to dedicate more time to studying
the first thing I did I sat down and I
realized that now I have a goal and in
anything you do in your life and I can't
underestimate it and I will repeat it
many many times for you you have to have
a clear goal for me the goal was pretty
clear when I came back home from the UK
because I realised I want to live here
and I want to study here and I want to
connect my life with the English
language and I realised that perfect
English is a must it's not something I
can fake it's not something that would
be additional this is something that
everybody has here everybody speaks
perfect English and I want to be
understood I want to speak the same
language I want to be able to understand
the jokes so I set the goal for myself
and I told marina in four years you're
gonna study in the UK so task number one
for you would be setting the goal and
setting the goal with an exact day a
great thing about learning the language
is that you don't have to sit down with
a textbook for an hour a day because
once you have the goal you have to tell
yourself how much time you're gonna
spend learning English every day and
learning English doesn't mean just doing
grammar exercises and this is why I love
love love languages
you can leave in English you can watch
TV shows you can read books you can text
people you can travel so at least one
hour a day this will be perfect what I
did I watched Sex and the City
in English I watched the suits in
English I have an HBO now subscription
that allows me to watch West world
Silicon Valley and other TV shows you
can watch youtubers you can do whatever
you want but in English and that would
count towards your education I would
also suggest having just one textbook
maybe two maximum or having a tutor that
you meet once a week to control your
progress because it's always good to
have something to rely on in terms of
like plan of topics maybe you're doing
simple tenses this week fast tenses the
next week future tenses in two weeks and
it's good to have somebody to track your
progress when I studied at school we had
Kaplan books we had opportunity
textbooks just you know any textbook
will be good it's just for you to have a
plan that was made by a professional
teacher and if you can afford having a
teacher I would really really recommend
having a native speaker and having a
native speaker that has accomplished
something in their lives like for
example we have Anastasia who has
studied in America for four years and
who speaks five different languages who
passed aisles who scored 119 on TOEFL so
somebody like Anastasia so you can not
only learn English from her but also
learn how to reach your goals
my next advice what sound a little weird
and might sound a little unprofessional
but you have to fall in love you can
fall in love with the person who speaks
English that would be the best that
would motivate you to speak English
every day or you can fall in love with
the TV show you can fall in love with an
app you can fall in love with a blogger
like you know you can choose a blogger
that really motivates you who you want
to watch every single day because
falling in love helps you do something
regularly like Sex in the City was my
favorite TV show I watched it six times
in my life because I fell in love with
it oh that's another great thing that I
want to talk about when you read a book
in English or you watch a TV show you
don't have to know every single word and
if you tell yourself oh I'm gonna write
every new word down I guarantee you you
will hate this you will stop watching
the movie you will stop reading the book
because remember what I told you you
have to be in love and you have to enjoy
the process so if you see a word for the
seventh time and you realize it actually
affects your understanding yes
translated and write it down the other
words just look at them and try to
figure out their meaning from the
context because otherwise you will spend
all your time just writing words down in
the vocabulary some people ask me marina
do I have to learn pronunciation
together with grammar or maybe I should
have basic vocabulary first and then
grammar the answer is you have to learn
the pronunciation straightaway because
it's gonna be so tough for you to change
it later remember my story I came to the
UK for the first time speaking like Zeus
like I am just I just came from Russia
not that bad but it was something
similar and it was so tough for me to
change it because you feel so weird oh
my god especially when you sit down
together with like a Russian group I was
back at school with my Russian teacher
Russian students and you try to mimic
British accent they just kinda laughed
in you because you look weird everybody
speaks with a Russian accent and you try
to mimic something else good saying
you're studying on your role so you can
just talk to yourself
and this lovely accent or if you have a
native speaker teacher he would never
laugh at you because you would actually
sound better in terms of like American
or British pronunciation so from day one
started learning the accents start
learning the right way to place your
mouth
to place your tongue to pronounce words
like a native speaker is somebody still
using the phone books ah it's not even
working fake everything is fake oh no
people just use them for photos
basically these film moves are just for
you to take pictures I'm kidding
but this one is not working you might
wonder which accent should you learn
there is a theory and I don't agree with
it that Canadian accent is the easiest
for you to understand as a non-native
speaker and also to learn but when you
come to a particular country you would
need to adjust you would need to adjust
to their accent so it really really
depends on your goals but I would tell
you that before I was upper intermediate
I didn't really get any accents so when
I was in Great Britain where we're
standing with my friend and she would
tell me Oh marina do you hear that
American accent then there would be like
a crowd of Americans near us and I would
tell her no wow I don't get any access I
maybe started understanding accent maybe
after two times I came to the UK so
don't really worry about the accent just
worry about the correct pronunciation
and accent will just come because accent
is about intonation correct
pronunciation is about putting your
tongue in the right place so just don't
worry if you're already upper
intermediate then just think oh where do
I see myself in three years and then
learn that accent I would say American
accent is the most popular one because
you have all of the TV shows you have
all of the movies British is the most
standard Canadian is the easiest not
talking about Australian because I think
is the toughest and you only can use it
in Australia let me give you some
resources resource number one my
favourite book so far it's a study guide
mastering the American act
and this is a really useful book that's
gonna tell you where to put your tongue
how to pronounce words and it will help
you train resource number two language
of calm is my company it's Amazon for
languages and we have everything
starting with tutors on skype different
books that can help you learn English
and you can also book study abroad
courses and get admissions help on lingo
trip resource number three fluent
Express this is a service also designed
and developed by my team that helps you
correct your written English so you just
deploy the text and a native speaker
will check it in the real time and you
will see your errors guys I wish you
were here some free books in English I
hope they don't mind that I'm like just
looking at them oh this is what the
Texas Criminal Law resource number four
if you don't have access to hardcover
books in English I would recommend
Amazon Kindle and this is what I use to
read books you get the app you can get a
subscription I think it's like fourteen
dollars a month and you get one book
every month and you can also get
audiobooks and this is what I prefer so
resource number five is audible audible
is an app where you can listen to the
books in English language I would highly
recommend the book that I'm reading
right now it's called the subtle art of
not giving up and it's one of the best
books I've read so far it's about
motivation about not giving up about
working even when things are not looking
very good if you still feel that there
are some beginner topics in English that
you have missed or you want to repeat I
would really recommend duolingo app it's
a free app that touches very very basic
spheres of English like basic grammar
basic vocabulary super useful and the
best thing it's free the only thing with
the apps why I don't really believe in
them when you're in line or when you're
driving in the bus you would more likely
to open your messenger or your Facebook
to my another advice would be following
groups on Facebook that are in English
and the talk about English like I have a
fan page Marina McGill Co our company
has a fan page link with trip you can
follow other bloggers
KCNA said gary vaynerchuk they have a
lot of useful information in english as
well some other resources if you want to
watch TV shows and movies in English I
would use HBO now calm I would also use
Amazon calm if you have Prime membership
which is about $12 a month you get some
movies for free HBO now you pay around
$14 a month there is Netflix calm also
around $14 a month and you can just
purchase movies on iTunes I would not
recommend any other illegal resources
but you probably know what I mean what I
do right now I've already paid for all
of my content if you want to watch
something for free there is always
YouTube British youtubers American
youtubers just watch them for free and
there's also another life hack all of
the resources that I've mentioned before
HBO Amazon Netflix they have first month
for free so you can use that free trial
and then just cancel and you won't be
charged anything and guys remember don't
be upset if you don't see the progress
straight away
I always think that like learning
English at home on your own is like
learning to swim in your room you need
to actually be in the swimming pool to
experience the joy of swimming this is
the same you have to be in an
english-speaking country to enjoy the
actual speaking of the language they
actually usage of the words that you
learn and the grammar that you've
learned because here in the UK in London
nobody would speak your own language
well some people would do but the
majority would not understand you and
you will have to use English and this is
the best practice if you see the video
of a dog that is right about the water
but there is a person holding it but it
is still trying to swim in the air this
is you learning English at home it's
like basically I tell my students that
you cannot learn to swim just lying on
the floor in your room this is the same
with the language you have to travel and
practice the language and right now I am
in one of my favourite schools in
Greenwich in London and I love love love
this place because it's the UK but it's
not like London because London is a big
city and granite is like a smaller
district in London but let's see let's
see the school and let's see Greenwich
when I came back from London for the
first time I kept telling my friends
they have to do the same and this is
basically why I started linguae trip
because I wanted more people to travel
to english-speaking countries and learn
languages it was so happy to meet my
followers today because I saw more than
30 people who came to London to study
languages to improve themselves and guys
this is like this city you have to come
here at least once in your life because
it's one of the best cities in the world
I feel so at home here and I feel that
this is the place that inspired me to be
Who I am these people they're so kind
smiling willing to help like this all
started here please please please come
to London and this will be you
our best step your best experience for
your English language cuz you're gonna
practice it and you can come with any
level you can even be a beginner because
teachers here they speak really slowly
they help you they know you're not good
at the language but they're gonna do
their best the best thing I love in
London is its smell because it smells
like my childhood dreams
it smells like London it smells like
hopes it smells like that helps when
your life and I just love this place I
hope you enjoyed watching me running
around London doing fun stuff and I hope
I inspired you to come here practice
your English and immerse yourself into
culture and explore new things and who
knows when you come to a new country
when you meet new people new ideas come
to your head and maybe this will be the
first step into your new life thank you
so much for watching this blog dream
ah yes subscribe there is a subscribe
button down below watch more videos
about English language that I hear and
I'll see you soon bye bye
you